you
you don't know what this is
do you Aztec gold these and gods placed
upon the gold a terrible curse ten years
research every last piece we have found
safe for this we were safe where do you
start
Jack Sparrow he talked about the black
bone make a deal with the vegan leaders
to eat to forget your place you were a
blacksmith
if you spring me from this cell I shall
take you to the Black Pearl and your
body dies you're a pirate forgot one
very important thing mate I'm Captain
Jack Sparrow
you're not facing normal pirates real
demented vicious pirates to be certain a
good boy that's cool demented vicious
pirates who cannot be killed all that
shows us for what we really are
that's interesting we are cursed man I
hardly believe in ghost stories anymore
you best start believing in ghost
stories miss Turner you're in one
Jetts y'all remember Captain Jack
Sparrow
like try wearing a corset
and they come from
Pirates of the Caribbean the curse of
the Black Pearl